Combine Sports And Technology - Fully Remote Opportunity

Join a dynamic team using technology to revolutionize how people experience sports. We're seeking an experienced Data Scientist - Marketing who's a pro with SQL and A/B Testing. Your role will be crucial in identifying marketing analytical needs, executing analytics, and presenting your findings to our functional partners across the marketing department. You'll collaborate closely with both executive and marketing teams to provide critical business insights and influence company plans and decisions.

To succeed here as a Data Scientist - Marketing, you'll need to be an expert in analyzing click-through rates, cost per impression, purchase rates, ROAs, and ROIS. You should also have a deep understanding of lookalike sizing and paid social accounts

This organization values individuals who are interactive, engaging, and love working with others. As a fast-paced startup that's been around (and thriving) for over a decade, team cohesion and retention is a priority. The company culture here is a source of major pride, and leadership is always seeking out new ways to bring the team together for a collaborative, dynamic and fun work environment.

As a fully remote role, communication will be key to your success. This company flies each team member out to headquarters three times a year for large-scale team-building bonding and activities. And your comfort while working is paramount, so your leaders aren’t interested in how long a task takes for you–as long as you get the job done, they’ll embrace and support your process to get there.

This organization is a tech-first company obsessed with sports, and they are looking for the best of the best to join the team as a Data Scientist. To ensure you have a long-term home, they’ve prepared for recessions and are projected to triple their valuation over the next four years.

As This Organization’s New Data Scientist, You Will

Identify analytical needs for the marketing department
Build and execute analytics
Report your findings to functional partners across the marketing team
Provide critical insights for business plans and decisions
Function as a key member of the team to address pressing issues

Compensation: $145,000-$185,000

Required Skills

3+ years with SQL
3+ years in A/B testing
Ability to identify marketing analysis needs, as well as to build and execute impactful analytics
Machine Learning
Marketing experience
Experience analyzing click-through rates, cost per impression, purchase rates, ROAs, and ROIS
Thorough understanding of lookalike sizing

Preferred Skills

Interactive and engaging personality
Passionate about working collaboratively on a team
A true love of sports
Mobile experience
Growth market experience

Benefits Include

100% paid Medical, Dental, and Vision for employees
70% paid Medical, Dental and Vision for your dependents
Monthly cash stipends to cover cell phones, internet, lunch, etc.
Equity investment opportunities
Monthly stipends to attend sporting events
Initial bonus stipend to start your new position with extra cash
Corporate gym membership rates
Permanently 100% remote work environment

Apply now to join a company that makes a meaningful impact on customer connections in the sports scene.

About Camden Kelly

Camden Kelly specializes in connecting the most qualified IT and tech professionals with elite opportunities across the U.S.

Camden Kelly has branches catering to the Dallas-Fort Worth and Southern California regions, and manages hiring and staffing needs across the nation. Whether you’re a jobseeker looking for new opportunities or an employer looking to hire the best tech talent for your team, Camden Kelly is your go-to IT and technology recruiting firm.

At Camden Kelly, our values make us different from the competition. We believe in being honest, accountable, ethical, and reliable in the technology hiring space.

Visit http://camdenkelly.com/jobs to explore opportunities in your area.

While you’re at it follow us on Twitter (https://twitter.com/camdenkellycorp) & LinkedIn (http://www.linkedin.com/company/3279780), fan us on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/camdenkellycorp) and join our circle on Google+ (https://plus.google.com/u/0/106722962279155885960) to stay up to date with current jobs, industry news, and job-hunting resources. Also, feel free to contact us directly at dallas@camdenkelly.com or 972-643-8848.
