Overview:

Established in 1981, Emirates Transport is the largest government company in the United Arab Emirates and a leader in the Automotive Service Industry, Rental, Transportation & Logistics sectors.

Emirates Transport is committed to its obligations in Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) towards the environment, society, and employees.

To learn more about Emirates Transport visit https://et.ae/en/


About the Position:

We are looking to recruit an experienced Data Scientist to join Emirates Transport – Finance team. This role will use data science techniques to analyze and optimize the performance and operation of the Finance division and, support the Finance senior leadership team make data-driven decisions.


Key Accountabilities:

Collecting and organizing data from various sources, such as CRM, ERP, etc.
Cleaning and pre-processing the data to ensure its accuracy and completeness.
Analyzing and interpreting large volumes of operational data using statistical models and tools.
Applying advanced statistical and machine learning techniques to the data to identify trends and patterns.
Working with cross-functional teams to identify, gather, and integrate data from various sources.
Communicating findings and insights to stakeholders.
Collaborating with other team members, such as data analysts and engineers, to develop and maintain tools and systems for data collection and analysis.
Providing insights and recommendations to support decision-making.
Developing and maintaining dashboards and reports to visualize key metrics using Power BI.

Expected Qualifications:

Bachelor's or Master's degree in data science, computer science, or a related field

Experience and Skills Set:

Experience using Power BI is a must
4 – 6 years in a relevant field
Strong knowledge of data science and machine learning techniques
Good understanding of statistics and data analysis
Comfortable working with large datasets
Able to communicate their findings effectively to non-technical stakeholders
