At Nutrien, our Purpose is to grow our world from the ground up and we do so with safety and integrity as our core values. Nothing is more important than sending our people home safe, every day.

Nutrien is a leading provider of agricultural products, services, and solutions. With approximately 23,000 employees world-wide, we are the largest producer of potash (by capacity) and one of the world’s largest producers of nitrogen and phosphate. We also operate a leading agriculture retail network that services over 500,000 growers.

We harvest the best. Diverse views and experience make us strong. We look for people who have a safety-first mindset, who are collaborative team players, who deliver on their commitments, who are innovators in search of a better way, and who believe in inclusion.

Working at Nutrien will provide you an opportunity to help us Feed the Future, and grow your career.

This is a 16-month term which will begin in May 2023.

What you will do:

Work hand in hand with our sites, the broader IDS (Information and Digital Solutions) team, and a large range of Nutrien subject matter experts
Assist in the development of hardware and software architecture for solutions
Acquire knowledge of the Nitrogen and Phosphate business and gain understanding of where data analytics and advanced computer technologies can help improve operations and safety
Assisting in maintaining a strong working knowledge of existing systems utilized within the Nitrogen and Phosphate business unit
Support and work with our Data Scientists as they create, modify, integrate, test, and sustain solutions deployed in our technology stack using sensor integration, computer vision or numerous other data science techniques

What you will bring:

Currently enrolled in a Computer Science, Mathematics or equivalent degree program and completed at least 3 years of study

Compensation & Benefits:

$23.04/hr - $36.65/hr This range is estimated for Loveland, Colorado. Actual salary and benefits may differ based upon location.

This information is provided in compliance with applicable state equal pay and pay equity legislation and is the company's good faith and reasonable estimate of the compensation range and benefits offered for this position. The compensation offered to the successful applicant may vary based on factors including experience, skills, education, location, and other job-related reasons. Nutrien also makes internal equity a consideration in all pay decisions.

Are you a good match? Apply today!

The estimated salary that Indeed, Glassdoor and LinkedIn suggested does not represent Nutrien's compensation structure.

Nutrien is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to creating an inclusive workplace. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics

This job will remain posted until filled. In accordance with Nutrien policies, you will be required to undergo a background check and may be required to undergo a substance test. While we appreciate all applications we receive, only candidates under consideration will be contacted.

EOE race/color/sex/sexual orientation/gender identity/disability/veteran

To stay connected to us and for the latest job postings and news, follow us on: LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter
