Holy Grail developed a direct air carbon capture technology that uses electrons to capture CO2 from the atmosphere. We are looking for proactive candidates who are ready to take ownership and are passionate about creating a sustainable solution to removing excess CO2 from the atmosphere. The ultimate goal of Holy Grail is to contribute to the long-term sustainability of life on Earth.

We are looking for machine learning interns to join our team and help bring our modular CO2 scrubbers to market.

This role will be located in Mountain View, CA.

Requirements:

Detail-oriented with a creative approach to science and engineering
A high degree of autonomy and independence
Intrinsic motivation with a fundamental love of science
Ability to learn and adapt quickly
Intermediate python level
Intermediate skills in Tensorflow and/or Pytorch

Responsibilities:

Design and build models for Design of Experiments
Design and build multi-target regression models for research and engineering optimization
Design and build hyperparameter tuning pipelines for machine learning and deep learning models
Collaborate with mechanical engineers, chemical engineers, and design engineers to optimize manufacturing methods

Nice to have:

Experience with probabilistic models like Gaussian processes and BNNs
Experience with active learning for Design of Experiments
Experience with different active learning sampling methods
Experience in building regression models in large combinatorial space
Data engineering experience
Computational chemistry and atomistic simulations experience
Bioinformatics experience
Experience with TensorFlow probability and Pyro
Experience with building active learning sampling methods from scratch

What we offer:

You will join a team that is passionate about having an impact on climate change. We care about the optimal way to solve a problem and nurture a culture of creativity and collaboration. We care about quick iterations, minimizing assumptions, and we use emojis to label our chemicals. We work on interesting technical problems and provide support and resources to tackle them.

Impact: your contribution will directly impact our technical milestones and you will have full ownership of your projects. We don’t micromanage

No politics: we give you the resources to test all your wildest ideas in hours or days, not months. If there is a chance that something will advance our progress we will test it as soon as possible

Autonomy: we welcome your independent perspective and encourage you to set and manage your time to achieve our shared goals

Flexibility: we cultivate an informal environment that is more fun and less rigid compared to academia and larger companies
