LIQUiDITY is a high-growth fintech company. Our platform is based on the most advanced artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning technologies, already making a massive impact on global capital markets. We’re literally reinventing the future of growth funding for companies worldwide by changing how business analysis is done. We’re currently based in Tel Aviv, NYC, Singapore, London, Abu Dhabi, and Dnipro.


We're looking for an experienced Data Scientist who is passionate about harnessing the power of machine learning models and advanced mathematical techniques to develop the first-ever real-time, no-code corporate credit score platform. This isn't just another job; you'll be a key part of an exciting, experienced team in a fast-paced environment.


You will join a growing team of Data Scientists, working globally with our talented team in Tel Aviv.


This position is based in Abu Dhabi, with the option for global relocation for competitive candidates.


You will:

Research best in breed market solutions for defined business problems
Define data collection plan and requirements
Build models from POC to production-ready
Work closely with the machine learning engineering team driving production release and performance monitoring
Provide guidance to the product team and user community to increase product effectiveness

Do you have:

Profound analytical skills and true love for data
Minimum 3-4 years of relevant experience
MSc/Ph.D. in Physics, Mathematics, statistics, econometrics, or equivalent
Extensive background in statistical analysis
Proficiency in Python
Background in the financial industry as well as credit assessments (an advantage)

Are you:

A multitasker, and a team player with the ability to work independently

If so, then we're probably looking for you. Apply today with your CV.


Life at LIQUiDITY

We’re global, in six locations and counting!
We’re direct and friendly – we go by an open door policy
We have set a high bar for our work
We work in an adaptable, dynamic, and fast pace environment
We're growing - and we want you to grow with us
We missed you! We believe in the added value of working in person as we build out our global team

Your Benefits

Visa and relocation support for you and your family to Abu Dhabi
Health insurance support for you and your family
The opportunity to make a massive impact in the future of growth funding around the world

Please note: If the job post is no longer accepting applications, please visit our Careers page to submit your resume: liquiditygroup.com

Benefits found in job post
Medical insurance
