Job Purpose


The Statistician is responsible for the provision of statistical expertise to support the assessment and evaluation function of College of Medicine and Health Sciences (CMHS) and is also responsible for design, analysis and reporting data on educational programs.


Key Roles & Responsibilities


Operational Responsibilities


Provide professional statistical support to the Assessment and Evaluation function in CMHS.
Oversee and advise on the design of data collection and the application of complex statistical methods for research and analysis.
Contribute to the technical analysis and evaluation of assessment quality, results, and performance data.
Manage numerical data collection, assistance in the establishment of data collection instruments and protocol, data analysis/manipulation and management, computer systems/applications programming and analysis, and reporting.
Applying the proper techniques to analyze the data and to make forecasts and provide projected figures using statistics
Conduct and support the necessary research and analysis for any relevant initiative, system in the calculation of student growth.
Format data, develop and prepare reports, charts, tables, and other related documents and graphics.
Plan and document computer data file structure
Develop, manage, and maintain complex statistical databases
Select data samples, prepare questionnaires and surveys, and conduct logic checks to maintain data quality.
Use existing statistical software and a variety of established statistical methods to gather, analyze, and interpret numerical data to derive useful information for assessment and evaluation.
Prepare written reports that summarize the analysis of research data, interpret the findings and provide conclusions and recommendations.
Develop actionable conclusions derived from the data to report to the Management
Adheres to the University's information security and confidentiality policies and procedures, and reports breaches or other security risks accordingly
Coordinates with other departments to facilitate the accomplishment of tasks and responsibilities, as and when needed.
Performs other tasks as assigned by the Line Manager

Qualifications & Experience


Required Qualifications

Minimum required a Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Master’ degree preferred

Required Experience

A minimum 5 years of relevant experience for Expats.
A minimum of 3 years of relevant experience for UAE Nationals
